Here is a recommended reading that I have provided to you,
which is the manual for SLF4J.
Let me quickly go ahead and show this document to you.
So I had the SLF4J user manual open for you here.
A lot of developers do not go through this information,
and that is something that limits them to only use Log4J or the framework to an extent.
Now if you read through this,
this is definitely going to put you in
the 20 percent of the developers that go through this manual,
and know more of how to use SLF4J in general.
If you look at this,
it talks about typical usage pattern,
and this line of code is how you would include
a logger into any class that you want to write or create a logger for or write into.
This also talks about the logging APIs.
I would leave this document for you under the video so that you can spend some time and
get yourself familiarized with
different kinds of logging frameworks that you can use apart from Log4J,
like Logback and Java.Util.Logging.